In this video you're going to learn a tactics to get the first slice on your Facebook page.
All of them are completely free to do and they'll only take you one or two minutes each.
So this is very light work but it can get a lot of results.
So the first way to get likes on your Facebook page is to invite your Facebook friends to like your
Facebook page on Facebook have made these incredibly easy in the sidebar here on the right hand side
you can see the option here is to invite all your friends and you can use go throughout this day and
invite them one by one.
And personally I have 646 43 friends on Facebook so that's a huge pool of people that I can really tap
into to kick start the launch of my page and get some initial engagement on those posts that I've put
down there.
You don't want to invite everybody you can skip anybody that you want and if you've got quite a big
list you don't want to work through the mall.
Then you also have the option just to search for those friends to advise and invite them in.
So the first way you can get likes on your Facebook page is just simply invite the group of friends
that you already have on Facebook.
And the second way that you can get Facebook likes is to again leverage your personal profile this time
you can come down into your personal profile you'll see or have the option to add pages you manage.
You can just click that.
I'm just going to make this from briberies.
You can select the page that you manage and you can either there.
And now this is getting quite a lot of visibility at the top your profile.
So anytime you engage people on Facebook and they come to your profile they're going to see this page
that you manage and they're probably going to click through and be curious about what's going on here
and then they can go ahead and like it there.
So that's a second way.
Simply adding your page is a page that you manage.
And the third way that you can get likes for your new Facebook page is to ask employees to do the same
thing.
You can add them as an admin and then they can also added as a page that they manage what they can also
do as well.
And you can use as well as come up to the abides section.
You can edit your work and you can add a workplace.
You can find your Facebook page here.
So just concepts in
an area here's the page.
You can say what your position is and what I recommend you do is also include a link to the Facebook
page here and say something a little bit about what the page is about.
And then for this example I'm just going to switch this to only me what you would want to keep that
public so everybody can see it.
And I'm just going to hit save changes.
So now if I come back to my profile
you're going to see exactly what this looks like and this can get quite a lot of visibility here because
not only is it just I've launched a page but it's like I've started a new job and if even a few employees
send that.
That's where a lot of people are going to like that because they've started a new job.
People always congratulate people who start new jobs.
And if you've got a link to the page then they can automatically link through.
Check it out.
And then like the page so you can use other people's social network your employees social network to
help promote your page.
And for every new employee that starts not as a great opportunity to use their social network to promote
your business.
Now the fourth way to get more likes to your Facebook page is also just to share the page.
As I was a normal posts you can say something you can paste the link to the page in there and you can
say something a little bit about it like hey you know take a commentary that I've written before you
can actually just delete delinquency pasted in because I will click through a friends here's my new
page explain a little bit about it.
And for this example I'll just say only me as well.
And if you want to practice this you can switch this to only me as well to see what it looks like it's
going to post this.
And you can see bacon directly like the page here as well in the post and that's the advantage of doing
it this way this way here.
They've to click through and like they're But you can see here as well there's another way to essentially
do a similar thing.
The advantage of this is that they can like it straight from the post without needing to click through.
So it's the fourth way to get likes on your Facebook page is to share it at as it posts.
And the fifth way that you can get likes on your Facebook page is to od the link to your Facebook page
to your e-mail signature.
So I've just come into my Gmail here come into settings and then if I come down here and you see the
option to add in the signature I don't have a signature right now but I could add in a link to my Facebook
page here.
Go through your page first.
So you take the link to your Facebook page.
Pop that in your email signature and then you want to add a message like join me on Facebook or like
our Facebook page to stay updated or like our Facebook page for news stories entertainment and freebies
something like that you can put that in your own personal signature here or you can put that in your
company's e-mail signature to really get everybody who sends an e-mail to have a look at this.
Now on average people spend send 4.6 4.6 cave 4600 e-mails per year.
So that's prime real estate that you can use to really promote your Facebook page so you can do it on
your personal mail.
Here you can do it on your MailChimp can't your company e-mail accounts and all of your employees accounts
not as a fantastic way to get more likes to your Facebook page and promoted initially.
And you can always change the signature later on if it doesn't already.
Suze.
OK so the 6 the way to get likes for your Facebook page is to invite your Gmail contacts to like your
page.
So you could just send in normal mail to everybody.
But if you want to really filter that list then and target people to like your page you can come in
to your settings.
Or you can come into your G-mail period and commit to contacts then you can come in here to more exports
to click through to go to old version.
Once again then we want to collect and to more exports.
And you can see that I've got 863 G-mail contacts so I could export this list who is CXXVIII.
I'd obviously have to filter that down a bit and really invite those e-mail contacts too like my Facebook
page.
Now if I'm sending it from a private e-mail like this I might want to botch it up into e-mails of 50
people and just send them and maybe b c c everybody so that people don't see each other's emails.
That's a great way that you can just quickly use your Gmail contacts to also get Facebook likes and
promote your Facebook page.
Similar message would be you know hey Sidney Page check it out for X Y Z reasons.
You get updates on x.
I know you get my get freebies or we've got a competition running etc..
So as well as leveraging your facebook contacts you know look for the other contacts that you have that
Gmail contacts are a great one.
And as you can see there are over 800 actually even bigger list than my facebook contacts.
The seventh way to get likes for your new Facebook page is to leverage your Linked-In contacts and invite
them to like your page.
So I always forget how to do this.
So personally what I recommend is type in how to export Linked-In contacts.
It's kind of in a hidden place.
It's good just to get this instruction.
So we want to go to my network
somewhere in my network we want to click on connections in the right hand column your connections manage
sinked.
Then we want to manage sinked imported contacts.
Then we were under advance auctions in the right rail export contacts.
OK.
So here we go.
Advanced Options export contacts
and then you can really pick the option here.
So we're going to
connections and then that'll be ready in a little bit and we can really get that.
Now again what we're going to get is like a CSP file full of email contacts.
I have another 800 CONTACTS on LinkedIn So there's another 800 people that I could invite.
So between Facebook Gmail and Linked-In I've got about 2000 over 2000 people that I can buy to like
my Facebook page.
You may not have as high numbers but I can guarantee you have something there from your existing network
that you can really use to like your page.
Now the eighth and final way to get likes for your brand new Facebook page is to leverage any email
subscribers that you have and simply send them an email and explain that you set up a Facebook page.
Love them.
To join you there to light the page and to stay updated.
For competitions prizes and posts about whatever it is that your business is about.
So those are the eight ways to get likes on your brand new Facebook page.
Go through them all and that is guaranteed to give you abuse and get you started with your Facebook
likes on engagement's on the post that you set up.
So go ahead and do that for yourself.
Or keep these strategies in your back pocket for a client or the future page that your phone is so.